The game is coded to be a baseball game prompting questions about the tv show Supernatural. The game begins by the player
answering yes after reading the game instructions and choosing their team. The player then starts off in the field and is asked True or False questions. The goal is to get three outs to switch to the batting inning. To switch to the batting inning, the player must either anwer three questions correctly (get three outs) or the other team has to score 5 runs that inning. Under any of these circumstances, the inning ends and the batting inning will start.

The batting inning asks the player questions that require a one-word typed response. The goal is to get all five runs for the inning to add to their overall score. The inning is over when the player either successfully gets the five runs or gets three outs. It only takes one incorrect answer for the user to receive an out.

The game is over when the opposing team scores 10 runs in total against the player. It does not need to be a mercy rule affect where the opposing team has 10+ runs from the player's own score. Both the opposing team and the player can only receive five runs per inning. The game generally lasts five innings, however, when the fifth inning ends, the player is asked if they would like to continue playing until the tenth inning. If the player answers yes, the game will continue. If the player answers no, the total score will be printed as well as whether the player won, lost, or tied.

The game is recommended only for those with extreme knowledge of the Supernatural TV Show. Spelling counts and the player needs to watch out for the use of plurals.
